Issue 481 - Support arbitrary file extensions in component suites (#1078)
plotly/dash: CHANGELOG.md

## [1.8.0] - 2020-01-14
### Added

> - [#1078](https://github.com/plotly/dash/pull/1078) Add support for arbitrary file extensions in component packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1078](https://github.com/plotly/dash/pull/1078) Permit usage of arbitrary file extensions for assets within component libraries
```
